There are people on this planet who incarnated
with abilities most of us are not yet equipped with.
Mr. Trivedi, a native of India, is one such person.
He was living the privileged life of a guru not long ago,
when he realized that the energy he's endowed with
would be better utilized by offering it
for study and use in the Western world.
His unique abilities allow him to focus and project
massive amounts of healing energy,
enough to reach thousands of people in a crowd
to charge seeds for healthy crops
and heal orchards of unhealthy fruit trees,
bodies of polluted water,
just about anything else that is out of balance.
His abilities and his body have been
the subject of a number of university studies
and his work has become known as The Trivedi Effect.
So Mr. Trivedi,
you had a very different kind of childhood.
Yes.
And how did these,
How did this energy that comes through you
show itself when you were a little child?
That what wasn't going to happen?
He said, "He'll be a failure in his,"
so they're talking about somebody else
and your five-years-old.
Yes.
And your making comments,
"I think you're wrong,
You're right.
I think he's going to be a failure."
Now in India don't you normally,
don't most families have a guru who comes
and blesses the child at birth and does and understand
the astrology and such for the family?
Was any of that done for you when you are baby?
Well, that's a good motivation.
You don't want a beating.
So you followed the ways that they imposed on the family.
An angel on this planet for a wife.
Very pragmatic child.
Now did your abilities to your intuitive abilities to
that you were using, telling your family about,
"No, you're wrong about this and that and the other thing."
Did this bother your parents or were they?
They stole you from somewhere.
Nothing matched.
A prayer and a puja is how to cheat another?
I've only been to India for a few weeks.
I didn't get that part.
I didn't understand a thing (chuckles).
How to fool others.
That is the concept of the prayer and puja.
Now we have to go into the more adult part from here.
So you went through school, electrical engineering.
You said you went about 10% of the time.
And that you've had it.
So you wasted your five years.
Engineering?
You got a National Merit Scholarship
even though you only went to school about
(chuckles) 10% of the time?
Yes, very boring.
So I have a question.
Why did you choose to incarnate into a culture
that doesn't necessarily promote liberty
and freedom in a family?
Do you know now in hindsight
why you chose this incarnation path?
Yes.
What's "Nomber?"
November 1995.
To play your role, ok.
Awakening.
Yes, powerful mind.
With this incredible power of intention.
Getting the answers from an unknown source?
To your questions or?
Zero field, Zero-Point field.
No value in women?
Verbal abuse.
Really?
70,000 people have come to you for blessings?
To the souls?
Source, S-O-U-R-C-E.
Source, source, ok.
You can learn something from here?
Conspiracy, criminals.
And so you chose this path.
Now you go on to your path and you're
now beginning to do your work in the world.
You're doing these transmissions in which you bring through
extraordinary amounts of a very, very high-refined energy.
Just being in the room when you came in the room last week
when I was there for a lecture to
check you out and see who you are,
I could immediately feel things happening
around the top of the head and throughout my aura and such
as you came in and started talking.
And you weren't doing anything specific.
But it was an energy that you were
bringing through and carrying with you.
So it's very pronounced energy.
And so when you begin, now this is interesting
because you became a guru essentially.
I've seen your pictures.
You have all the colorful robes on,
people kissing your feet,
surrounded by thousands of people and everything.
That's a good gig.
Very good data?
You mean in good results from people.
Fibromyalgia.
Menstrual cycles, yes.
So you were getting repeatable results
and verifiable results repeatedly with these
many thousands of people obviously.
But you were really exalted.
When you would go to India,
you were living like a guru, like a king.
Yes.
That's a lot to walk away from on one level,
for an ordinary person doing blessings.
That would be a hard thing to walk away from
because you were set.
Robes, yeah.
With a navy blue suit.
Yeah.
That's a good friend to have, you.
Success and failure.
Finished this kind of what?
This kind of role, R-O-L-E, role.
Role, yes, yes.
Some of it's actually, show.
It's not real.
I mean, there are some frauds.
Not some, mostly.
Mostly frauds, yes.
I've read books about how these little,
"miracles" are produced.
May.
They're very great what?
Great masters.
But, in fact, scientifically their phenomena
turned out to be very average in nature.
There you go.
Yes, live blood cell.
Healthy antibodies.
Yeah, healthy antibody around the blood cell.
They forwarded it.
His name is Blayne Costello?
Dr. Brian Costello.
Oh, Brian Costello.
From Australia, Melbourne, he invited me in 2004.
But your body actually
is wired differently
Yeah, I'm coming.
Right, they'll melt.
Very miraculous thing?
Yes!
One oversees the other and it's a back and forth dance.
Would that be like in a deep theta state
and a high gamma at the same time more or less?
Yes.
Yes, ok.
Normally you don't do that at the same time.
Simultaneously.
Trivedi Foundation Energy.
That is available on like this.
All these reports about your physiology from the ...
They've been able to validate that you're wired differently.
And then what?
Medical Infrared Digital Imaging.
Yes.
The elasticity of the cells.
Very important.
Say it again, the rhythm of the what?
CSF.
Cerebral Spinal Fluid, gotcha.
So you're wired very differently.
Again, which gland?
The master gland.
The pituitary.
It allows you to be able to run through
this massive amount of energy,
which is intensely focused through your mind.
They said it could be a placebo effect, right?
Very true.
I've seen the pictures.
I've seen the papers from the university because they have
whole departments studying the lands that you've worked on.
And astounding.
I'm talking.
Cashew.
They are what?
Oh, miraculous, yes.
The leaves were very clean and healthy.
So that these healthy plants and trees
were transmitting the energy to them!
Yes.
Beautiful.
They said that, in the first moments,
"This is the biggest miracle on the planet."
It's like a perfected human.
And they were perfected trees.
Yes, trees.
Absolutely perfect.
Chlorophyll A and B?
Yes.
You'll no yield.
80 varieties and also seeds.
Yeah.
They're glorious-looking as I've seen in the pictures.
Yes, very different.
No placebo effect there.
No nonsense.
What is the what life?
The shelf life of the cashew?
Yeah.
Whoa.
Normally they go rancid rather quickly.
Bio-photo emissions, ok.
This is wonderful.
It's not just cashews.
You've done many crops that you've taken already flowering.
That was interesting to me, the mango.
Spongy.
Like a diet mango!
Let's talk about what your intention is?
What is your greater intention to do with this kind of work?
They're hitting the final wall, yes.
Absolutely.
All kinds of toxins.
And you do.
Can you say his name again?
Dr. who at Penn State?
Radioactive water, yes.
You reduced the amount of radiation
in the water through intention.
Yes, definitely.
So many problems with toxicities
in the water, in the air, in the food, everything.
Through your foundation, you're saying,
from what I understand, you're saying, you're looking
also for the requests and the desire
of the visionaries of this country to call on you to
utilize your energies to start help healing larger systems.
Yes, definitely.
You have some very prominent people now that you're
working alongside, including Deepak Chopra and others.
Many, many people are going to hearing about you over time.
We have all of your contact information
for your foundation here.
We're going to be giving that.
In addition, if somebody wants to see you,
you appear in various places
in California, Arizona.
Yes, everywhere.
People can come, and they can come
to one of your group sessions.
You do a group transmission of these boosted energy fields,
which is very powerful and beautiful.
People can come find you, if they wish.
It's a "by a donation only."
It's not like it costs an arm and a leg for them to do that.
All I can say is I'm very happy that
we had a chance to meet.
I'm very happy that you're doing the work you're doing.
And I do hope that science can ultimately understand it,
to the extent that we do develop inroads
into what is going to be the future sciences, and understand
and understanding how this energy
can be channeled for the healing of everything.
Every person, every living thing on the planet.
Yes.
Is that kinda what you're trying to do?
They don't have to harm us then.
And you have worked with this.
You're here now, not in the future.
Thank you so much for spending the time with us today.
Thank you very much.
Ok, bye.
You can find out more about Mr. Trivedi's ongoing work
at the Trivedi Foundation.
He's committed to using his energy to create
abundant healthy crops, to feed the planet
as well as cleaning up the world's water supplies,
so all people can have access
to clean, healthy drinking water.
To connect with his work,
you can go to trivedifoundation.org.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.